Google Workspace without Domain-Wide Delegation (#902)
Netflix/dispatch: docs/configuration/plugins/configuring-g-suite.md

> Used for development to funnel all emails to a specific user.

### `DWD_ENABLED` \[Optional. Default: True\]

> This variable flags to dispatch that domain-wide delegation is enabled on the service account. This will be a boolean value.

### `GOOGLE_CUSTOMER_ID` \[Optional. Default: None\]

> Unique string assigned to each google workspace customer. It can be found by using these [instructions](https://support.google.com/a/answer/10070793?hl=en).

It is needed to use the [Groups API](https://cloud.google.com/identity/docs/how-to/create-google-groups#creating_a_google_group) which doesn't require admin SDK. It is passed as the parent resource under which groups are created, under which memberships are created.
NOTE: You've to add a 'C' as a prefix to the ID you get from the instructions above.

## Google Workspace Setup

> To set up Goolge Workspace integration, you'll need to create some resources in Google Cloud Platform, and then link them to your Google Workspace organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up Google Workspace integration, you'll need to create some resources in Google Cloud Platform, and then link them to your Google Workspace organization.
```

Author: @kevgliss That is correct. This PR contains the code of that PR which I used as seed. I didn't want to make changes on the same PR so I made a totally different PR. Sorry for the confusion.

Reviewer: No worries, I actually prefer a separate PR. I will close out the other one.

> Used for development to funnel all emails to a specific user.

### `DWD_ENABLED` \[Optional. Default: True\]

> This variable flags to dispatch that domain-wide delegation is enabled on the service account. This will be a boolean value.

### `GOOGLE_CUSTOMER_ID` \[Optional. Default: None\]

> Unique string assigned to each google workspace customer. It can be found by using these [instructions](https://support.google.com/a/answer/10070793?hl=en).

It is needed to use the [Groups API](https://cloud.google.com/identity/docs/how-to/create-google-groups#creating_a_google_group) which doesn't require admin SDK. It is passed as the parent resource under which groups are created, under which memberships are created.

> NOTE: You've to add a 'C' as a prefix to the ID you get from the instructions above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**You have to add a 'C' as a prefix to the ID you get from the instructions above (e.g. "Cabcd123").**
```

I missed this initially.

* Google Docs API
* Google Calendar API
* Gmail API
* Google Groups API (This API replaces Admin SDK for managing groups)

> Finally, create your OAuth application which is how G Suite will authorize the service account and API key (APIs & Services &gt; OAuth Consent Screen).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, create your OAuth application which is how Google Workspace will authorize the service account and API key (APIs & Services &gt; OAuth Consent Screen).
```
